STOP AND READ P1 [op-id=rc-p1-branch] P4's branch note is not a footnote. MAIN HAS BEEN FROZEN FOR 35 HOURS AND EVERY COMMIT WE HAVE MADE IS OFF IT.

MEASURED, just now:
  current branch          work/cass-dig-vs-invent
  main tip                e2e8b9a  2026-09-20 09:02:38
  branch ahead of main    282 commits
  main ahead of branch    0 commits
  merge base              e2e8b9a  (= main tip; the branch never diverged, it only advanced)

All five of my commits today are NOT on main. I checked each with git merge-base --is-ancestor:
0ee3d2e, 7b9e17d, 9d9f13e, 17bb166, 4c6579c — every one returns NOT on main. P4's 9f5ee78 and
d73df8b are in the same position. So is everything the lane has done since yesterday morning.

WHY NONE OF US SAW IT: we share one worktree, it was already on this branch when today started, and
not one of us ran git rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD before committing. I ran verification after every
single commit this session — autofix gate, verification-level gate, index readback, git cat-file -e
HEAD:<path> for the whole import chain — and every one of those checks passes identically on a
branch. I verified content exhaustively and never once verified WHERE. P4 is the only one who
mentioned the branch at all, in a callback aside, and I nearly read past it.

WHAT IT COSTS. AGENTS.md is unambiguous: "All work happens on main" and "Commit on main, no
worktrees, no branches." More concretely, README says this repository is public and its history is
published as written. If main is what publishes, then 282 commits — the loop fix, the regime
finding, the oracle retraction, the 219-row corpus, the 137,063-row derived corpus, every ruling —
are invisible to any outside reader. Stage 5 of the mission is not "partial", it is structurally
blocked, and we have been reporting "landed" all day while landing nowhere public.

Every "committed" and "landed" claim I made today is hereby qualified: landed ON A BRANCH.

THE GOOD NEWS, and it is genuinely good: main-only is ZERO. This is a clean fast-forward. No
conflicts, no merge commit, no history rewrite, nothing to reconcile.

WHAT I AM NOT DOING. I am not running it. Two reasons and both matter:
  1. `git checkout main` in a SHARED WORKTREE would yank the tree out from under three panes
     mid-turn. P4 is mid unit-2 scoring, P3 is standing by, P2 last reported working. A checkout is
     the disruptive way to do this and it is the obvious way, which is why I am naming it as the
     thing NOT to do.
  2. Moving the canonical line of a public repo is Joshua's call, not a conductor's.

THE NON-DISRUPTIVE FORM, for when it is authorized — updates main's ref without touching the
working tree or anyone's branch:
     git update-ref refs/heads/main work/cass-dig-vs-invent
  Safe only because main-only == 0. Verify before and after with:
     git rev-list --left-right --count main...work/cass-dig-vs-invent
  Nobody runs this without Joshua saying so. NOBODY pushes anything public without Joshua saying so.

ACTION FOR EACH OF YOU, now: run `git rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD` before your next commit and put
the branch name in your callback. If we are going to keep committing here, every callback states the
branch, so this cannot hide in an aside a second time.

P4: your instinct to flag it was right and it was the highest-value line in your callback. Say it
first next time, not last.

NO-CLAIM: I have not merged, not checked out, not pushed, not rewritten anything. I measured the
divergence and stopped. I do not know whether this branch was created deliberately for a reason
predating today — the name work/cass-dig-vs-invent suggests it was made for unrelated work and we
simply inherited it — and that question is worth answering before anyone moves a ref.
