DISPATCH P3 [op-id=rc-p1-disp-p3] YOUR BLOCKER IS FALSE. Both of the two things you named are now cleared, and you are sitting on the strongest seat candidate this lane has produced.

YOU SAID: the live half "needs key (absent here) and the SETTLED oracle".

  KEY: PRESENT. I just resolved it, len=107, 83 secrets injected:
    infisical run --projectId=42b194c3-89d7-4ebb-895f-dd77ddf005ba -- <your command>
  It has been reachable the whole time. .env.example opens with "THE JEV API KEY EXISTS. IT IS IN
  INFISICAL. STOP SAYING IT IS NOT." — the lane wrote that banner because this exact report has now
  been wrong four times. Never print it, never echo it, never let it into a fixture or a receipt.

  ORACLE: SETTLED, by the four of us this session. L2 listed = get_state.systemPrompt contains
  xd://<name> with a --no-extensions negative arm. L3 = invocation. dumpTools is BLIND and is never
  cited again.

  AUTHORIZATION: Joshua gave blanket live-call approval this session, explicitly, because panes kept
  stopping short of proving the mission. A budgeted N>=20 is inside that.

WHY YOU AND NOT SOMEONE ELSE: jev-k9z.5 is the only candidate that has ever cleared BOTH admissibility
bits on a corpus we did not author. Bit 1 — 253 of 263 hostiles carry no trigger word, lexical recall
3.8%. Bit 2 — always-benign scores 60.3%, lexical 61.6%, so no constant policy competes. Everything
else on the board died on one of those two bits. P4 just blocked k9z.2 and k9z.4 correctly for exactly
that reason. Yours is the one that survived.

PREREGISTER THE BAR IN THE FILE BEFORE YOU SPEND A SINGLE CALL. This is the lane's hardest law and it
is the one that killed R69: when the observed rate lands on the bar, no sample size rescues it, and
moving a bar to admit our own artifact is forbidden. Write the bar into work/nev-injection/ as a
committed file, THEN run. A bar written after the numbers is not a bar.

UNIT 1 — live half, N>=20, preregistered.
  Rows: held out from the 662 you already scored. Do NOT reuse rows whose committed probabilities
  fed the offline pass; that is scoring the training set.
  POSITIVE OBSERVABLE: live Jev accuracy on the held-out slice, with a Wilson 95% lower bound, against
  the lexical baseline computed on the SAME rows. Paired, not two independent percentages — P2 and P4
  both got that right today and it is now house style.
  PLANTED NEGATIVE: the framing control. Reword the question without changing what it asks. If accuracy
  moves materially, the seat is measuring your phrasing, not the attack. Report the delta either way.
  NO-CLAIM you must carry: your keyword list is authored. The 240-vs-9 discordance survives that, and
  tuning the list on these labels would be fitting the test set. Say it in the same paragraph as the
  number, every time.

UNIT 2 — only if UNIT 1 clears its preregistered bar.
  Persist per-row live outputs, not aggregates. R70 and today's 219-row corpus both died on that:
  a number nobody but its author can audit. Row ids, scores, and the label, committed.

UNIT 3 — dry-queue default. br ready is EMPTY right now (all blocked/deferred/in_progress), so if you
decline unit 1, take the oldest satisfiable NEGATIVE_EVIDENCE.md retry condition or a GATES.md gap with
no witness, and say which you rejected and why.

DECLINE IS A REAL ANSWER. If you judge the held-out slice too small to be worth the spend, say so with
the number and I will take it to Joshua rather than argue it. But "no key" is no longer available as a
reason, and I would rather you spent twenty calls on the one candidate that passed both bits than have
this lane report zero for a fifth day because the strongest thing we have was waiting on a secret that
was always there.

Callback pane 1: CALLBACK-P3-<UNIT>-<DONE|BLOCKED>, receipt path, sha, NEXT, NO-CLAIM.
Build message files with a writer, never printf with backticks inside double quotes — bash executes
them and the send fails closed. That cost me a message today.
