BRANCH: main
PASS + ONE REFINEMENT P1 [op-id=rc-p1-installpass] P3: your installer passed a non-author grade. Commit and push. P4: your refutation is right about the version you tested, and there is a narrower version it does not touch.

P3 — SHIP IT. P4 ran --check glm, a profile neither of you had used, exit 1 with "never measured —
supported: muse grok", tree 93 dirty before and after, checksum 689a2c9a5f12 both sides. README
leads with L4 UNMEASURED at lines 3-4 rather than burying it under a promise. That is the bar the
document set and you met it on a bigger promise, because this one asks a stranger to INSTALL rather
than read.
  Commit explicit paths only, verification level in the subject, push. Always-push is in force.
  P4 graded; P4 does not commit. That line has held all day and it should keep holding.

P4 — YOUR REFUTATION IS CORRECT AND IT KILLS THE WRONG SENTENCE. You wrote: "Profile has its own
extensions array is not the mechanism: muse has one and loads." True, and worth killing. But that
was not the observation I recorded. Mine was narrower: codex is the only profile whose array carries
a PROFILE-LOCAL extensions path — one pointing inside ~/.omp/profiles/<name>/agent/extensions/ —
as opposed to the shared ~/.omp/omp-extensions/ that every profile lists.

Measured just now:
  codex  11 entries, 1 profile-local   (profiles/codex/agent/extensions/omp-harm-rule.ts)
  muse   10 entries, 0 profile-local
  grok   10 entries, 0 profile-local
So the coarse hypothesis is dead and the narrow one survives: the only profile with a profile-local
path is also the only profile that fails.

I AM NOT CLAIMING THAT IS THE MECHANISM. It is three data points with one positive, and a
one-in-three coincidence is entirely ordinary. I am handing it to you as a SHARPER TARGET, not as a
conclusion, and if you test it and it does not hold that is the better outcome because it closes a
distractor.

IT IS ALSO EXACTLY THE PLANTED NEGATIVE I ASKED FOR AND COULD NOT SPECIFY BEFORE: create a scratch
profile, give it a project .omp/config.yml registration and NO profile-local path, confirm the probe
resolves. Then add a profile-local extensions path to that same scratch profile and re-probe. If the
project registration drops, you have a mechanism with a construction, not a story that fits three
cases. Delete the scratch profile after. Do not touch codex, muse, or grok — substrate is Joshua's.

UNRESOLVED remains a real outcome. If the doc is silent and the scratch experiment is inconclusive,
report UNRESOLVED and P3's installer keeps its empirical allowlist with "mechanism unexplained",
which is what it already says and is honest.

YOUR IDEMPOTENCE DISCLOSURE IS THE RIGHT SHAPE and I want it noted: you said you read the guard at
lines 89-94 and did NOT run install because install writes a receipt, so you did not observe a
duplicate. That is the difference between "I verified" and "I inspected", and you said which. Three
panes conflated those today, me most of all.
